Prep RPIP-4 for finalization (#9)
rocket-pool/RPIPs: RPIPs/RPIP-4.md

The Snapshot voting mechanism uses staked and weighted RPL token voting.

## Motivation
Governance in Rocket Pool is currently ad hoc, and there is no way for the community to adopt proposals. We must adopt a governance mechanism, even if imperfect, before any governance actions can be taken legitimately, such as spending pDAO funds.

## Implementation
  
All Rocket Pool governance proposals MUST have an associated post on the governance forums at dao.rocketpool.net.
Promising community sentiment and a corresponding RPIP document are REQUIRED for snapshot voting to be scheduled.

Topics SHOULD approximate community sentiment by including a poll with the following format which is live for at least [7] days:

```
[poll type=regular results=always chartType=bar]
* Support
* Oppose
* Third option
* etc
[/poll]
```

> A favorable forum poll which is live for at least [7] days and a corresponding RPIP document are necessary for snapshot voting to be scheduled. Once the requirements have been met, either 1) Darren Langley AKA langers (General Manager - Rocket Pool Pty Ltd) or 2) a party he entrusts with this ability SHOULD create a snapshot vote and publicize it as soon as reasonably possible unless exercizing their veto power (see Vetoing below). 

Reviewer: The first sentence here overlaps with the above. I'd suggest just starting with "Once the requirements..."

Author: Fixed

> The snapshot vote will run for [14] days and requires a [15%] voting power quorum to be successful. In the case where no quorum has been met for three of the last four polls, the needed quorum will be reduced by [25%] permanently unless governance action dictates otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snapshot vote SHALL run for [14] days and SHALL REQUIRE a [15%] voting power quorum to be successful. In the case where no quorum has been met for three of the last four polls, the needed quorum SHALL be reduced by [25%] permanently unless governance action dictates otherwise.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if the vote duration is really a SHALL (required and inflexible) or SHOULD (recommended). Maybe even "SHALL run for at least [7] days, with [14] days being RECOMMENDED"?

Total vote power for each of the poll choices indicated in each `results.vote` entry is summed into an `rplTotalPower` array containing the total sum of power for each of the poll choices, with the index of each entry mapping to the integer corresponding to the vote choice. This is used to compute the outcome as described below.

#### Outcome

The `rplTotalPower` array is searched for the maximum value. The index of this maximum value corresponds to the winning proposal. If the winning choice corresponds to "abstain", however, then the proposal corresponding to the index of the second highest value is declared as the winner instead.

#### Vetoing
Given that the snapshot voting system is not comfortably secure (see Security Considerations below), there are two safeguard vetoes in place.

> The first veto consists of those with the power to bring forward a vote (see Implementation above) refusing to bring such a vote forward for consideration. Although potential changes can be technically implemented by the pDAO guardian regardless of vote, the pDAO guardian MUST NOT do so and any such action is considered illegitimate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first veto consists of those with the power to bring forward a vote (see Implementation above) refusing to bring such a vote forward for consideration. Although potential changes can be technically implemented by the implementer (oDAO or  pDAO guardian depending on the proposal) regardless of vote, the implementer MUST NOT do so and any such action is considered illegitimate.

A second, more absolute, veto consists of the implementer refusing to implement a passed proposal.
```

Minor edit to note the "implementer role" varies based on proposal (spend is pDAO, contract stuff is oDAO, settings changes depend on what setting).

> The first veto consists of those with the power to bring forward a vote (see Implementation above) refusing to bring such a vote forward for consideration. Although potential changes can be technically implemented by the pDAO guardian regardless of vote, the pDAO guardian MUST NOT do so and any such action is considered illegitimate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first veto consists of those with the power to bring forward a vote (see Implementation above) refusing to bring such a vote forward for consideration. Although potential changes can be technically implemented by the implementer (oDAO or  pDAO guardian depending on the proposal) regardless of vote, the implementer MUST NOT do so and any such action is considered illegitimate.
```

> A second, more absolute veto consists of the pDAO guardian refusing to implement a passed proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A second, more absolute, veto consists of the implementer refusing to implement a passed proposal.
```
